fix:Update rootstock-vyper.md (#304)
rsksmart/devportal: tutorials/tokens/create-a-collectable-token.md

10. Create client side application;
11. Interact with the smart contract.

Steps 1 to 4 are explained in detail in the tutorial link below: 

* [Setup a project with Truffle and OpenZeppelin](/tutorials/ethereum-devs/setup-truffle-oz/)

## Webinar

> We have run a
> [webinar](/webinars/#event-id-202005-001 "How to create your own collectable token on the RSK network").
> 
> The same webinar is also available in
> [Português](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gt-lmwZscE).
> 
> Check out our [other webinars](/webinars).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have run a
[webinar](/webinars/#event-id-202005-001 "How to create your own collectible token on the RSK network").

The same webinar is also available in
[Português](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3gt-lmwZscE).

Check out our [other webinars](/webinars).
```

For consistency with the other pages, we need to include the links for the English and Spanish versions too.

Reviewer 2: Yes, when we have them...

Reviewer: Created ticket: https://trello.com/c/RLqbnfQO/326

* [Setup a project with Truffle and OpenZeppelin](/tutorials/ethereum-devs/setup-truffle-oz/)

> For requirement 4, to install Metamask and connect to RSK testnet and get some tR-BTCs are explained step-by-step in the tutorial link below: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For requirement 4, installing Metamask, connecting to RSK testnet, and getting some tR-BTCs, this is explained step-by-step in the tutorial link below: 
```

![create-react-app](/assets/img/tutorials/create-a-collectable-token/image-01.png)

The option `--use-npm` is to select npm as package manager.

> [npx](https://medium.com/@maybekatz/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner-55f7d4bd282b) comes with npm 5.2+ and higher, see [instructions for older npm versions](https://gist.github.com/gaearon/4064d3c23a77c74a3614c498a8bb1c5f).

Reviewer: I'd suggest linking top the official npm blog post about this instead: https://blog.npmjs.org/post/162869356040/introducing-npx-an-npm-package-runner

Reviewer 2: done

# Configure Truffle

> Come back to the project folder, open `truffle-config.js` file at VS Code and overwrite it with the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Come back to the project folder, open `truffle-config.js` file in VS Code and overwrite it with the following code:
```

Also we have a function to create new color tokens. 
This is the basic structure of the function. 

> It will accept 1 argument of bytes3 type, which will be a hexadecimal code that corresponds to the token's color. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will accept 1 argument of the `bytes3` type, which will be a hexadecimal code that corresponds to the token's color. 
```

# Client side application

Now let's start building out the front end that will interact with the smart contract. 

> It will allow us to create new color tokens, and list out all of the existing tokens in you wallet.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It will allow us to create new color tokens, and list out all of the existing tokens in your wallet.
```

## Mint

Choose a color and enter your hexadecimal representation in the info text field, and click on the `MINT` button.

It will call the `mint()` function at the smart contract instance Color, with the color that you defined.

I will enter the color red, value `#FF0000`.

> Do not forget to use the symbol `#`

![#FF0000](/assets/img/tutorials/create-a-collectable-token/image-23.png)

![#FF0000 Metamask confirm](/assets/img/tutorials/create-a-collectable-token/image-24.png)

> Click at `confirm` button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Click on the `confirm` button.
```

I showed you how to connect Truffle to the RSK network and deploy your own NFT using the OZ libraries, and that they work on the RSK network.

> This tutorial was inspired by Gregory McCubbin tutorial, from dApp University. Take a look in the [original](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/blockchain-programming) article.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This tutorial was inspired by Gregory McCubbin's tutorial, from dApp University. Check out the [original](https://www.dappuniversity.com/articles/blockchain-programming) article.
```
